[DOC] single pass counter collection (#95)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/docs/how-to/profile/mode.rst

   Allows for dispatch ID filtering. Usage is equivalent with the current
   ``rocprof`` utility. See :ref:`profiling-dispatch-filtering`.

> ``--set <metric-set>``

Reviewer: Can you please add a note here saying that it cannot be used with `--roof-only` or `--block` option

   Allows for dispatch ID filtering. Usage is equivalent with the current
   ``rocprof`` utility. See :ref:`profiling-dispatch-filtering`.

``--set <metric-set>``
   Allows for single pass counter collection of sets of metrics with minimized profiling overhead.
   Cannot be used with ``--roof-only`` or ``--block``.
   See :ref:`profiling-metric-sets`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should `--list-sets` also be added to this list?

Reviewer 3: There is a reference to `--list-sets` under ":ref:`profiling-metric-sets`", do you think adding `--list-sets` would be helpful?

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   ...

.. _profiling-metric-sets:

> Metric Sets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metric sets filtering
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> A Set contains a subset of metrics that can be collected in a single pass. This filtering option allows minimized profiling overhead by only collecting counters of interest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A metrics set contains a subset of metrics that can be collected in a single pass. This filtering option minimizes profiling overhead by only collecting counters of interest.
```

> Sets provide a convenient way to group related metrics for common profiling scenarios, eliminating the need to manually specify individual metrics for typical analysis workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `--set` filter option provides a convenient way to group related metrics for common profiling scenarios, eliminating the need to manually specify individual metrics for typical analysis workflows.
```
